What is the purpose?
I want to understand how I'm spending my time.
One way to get insight on this is analyze my keylogs.
Process the signal to classify periods of activity.

Does something else have higher priority?
Making money does, but I've allocated time for this.

What is the first step?  second?
Parse the number of keys per minute (or whatever interval)
Calculate the number of spikes without pause for each part of the graph
Classify it as spiky-typing or not
See how well that works on other data

How are you going to test this?
Will test manually

How is this going to work in production?
Not sure yet
For now I'm just seeing if it works at all

How can we divide up the work?
I can do it

What are the input formats?
keylogs -> timeline -> classified timeline -> rendered graph

Is this change going to break existing processes?
No

Is there an easier way?  (avoid coding)
Code is already mostly written
I can apply the algorithm manually for test purposes

Is it worth it?
Can I adapt something that already exists?
Do I have enough time to see it through to completion?
Can I preempt any blockers?
  - big downloads, IT, app store reviews
Is there anyone I can ask for advice?
  - Is there a similar PR I can look at?
  - Are there any docs for this system?
What are the risks?
How can we track usage?
  - Add logging with timestamps
Make sure everyone knows what they are doing
  - Have the mobile team reviewed the plan?
How are we going to integrate with other systems?
Are there concurrency issues?
How could this be done faster?
  - Have the person who owns that part of the code do it
Do you know what all the terms mean?
  - "Post evaluation" comes before "Fixit"
What are the edge cases?
  - One item towards the bottom of the FAQ contains a bulleted list
Can you enable ops to drive the content?
Are any significant events coming up?
  - Other project needs to launch in the middle of this one.
Get design reviewed
Is product ok with the plan?
  - Sometimes they would rather get something quick and dirty.
Create a diagram
Are we following the spec exactly?
  - The spec had camelCase but it should've had underscores.
Do I have a fast feedback loop?
  - Had to wait two minutes for a Hive query to run after every change.
Is anyone else working on the same thing?
  - Anomaly detection stepped on Data Science toes.
Is this legal?
